2018-07-31
Malaysia              马来西亚  
Foreign Minister      外交部长
9th China-Uk Strategic Dialogue   战略对话
free trade and multilateralism    自由贸易与多边对话
Voicing consensus after talks     谈判后达成共识
Foreign Secretary    	 外交部长
be in strong agreement 意见一致
prosperity             繁荣
upholde rules-based international order 坚持以规则为基础的国际秩序
UNSC permanent members 联合国常任理事国
take a clear-cut stance 表明明确的立场
in upholding the rules-based international order, and the WTO-cored multilateral mechanism
their fresh endorsements of free trade 他们对自由贸易的新认可 fresh 新鲜的 endorsement 认可
tariff 关税  impose 征收 import 进口  export 出口
tariffs being imposed left and right  ？？？？
top diplomat 首席外交官
rise of China and China's economy 中国和中国经济的崛起
work hard to 努力去...
make sure that's the case 希望情况就是如此
booming trade 蓬勃发展的经济
Brexit 英国脱欧
Chinese Premier 中国总理
work closely together 密切合作

2018-08-01
soybean 大豆
look set for sth. 看起来像
bumper yield  丰收 bumper 丰盛的
retaliatory 报复性的
futures price 期货价格
lose money 损失钱
dollars in relief 救济金
with the harvest time fast approaching, 随着收获时间的临近
aid package 援助计划
remain deeply concerning 深感担忧
farm bureau, senior director of commodities. 农业局，高级商品主管
subsidy 补贴
we want markets to work in and markets to feed  ???

2018-08-02
go ahead with its tariff plan 继续实施关税计划
China has threaten to impose a 25 percent tariff on US oil imports 中国威胁对美国的石油进口征收25%的关税
impose a 25 percent tariff on the import of US oil
predominantly 主要地
light sweet crude 轻质低硫原油 crude 原油  sweet crude.VS.sour crude 低硫VS高硫原油（备注：light  密度低）
sulfur 硫磺
refiners 炼油厂
go halfway around the world 跑了半个地球
DIRECTOR OF REASEARCH FOR COMMODITIES AND ENERGY, MORNINGSTAR 晨星商品和能源研究总监
Chinese buyers could source light crude from other countries like Nigeria or Russia 购买 尼日利亚  俄罗斯
Experts are mixed on the impact tariffs may have on American producers.
be mixed on 对XX意见不一 have a great impact on 对XX有重大影响
关于关税对美国生产商造成的影响，专家有不同的意见。
effectively 有效地；  事实上
there will be a home for it ？？？
unscathed 毫发无损的
There are many different ways that this could play out here.这件事可以通过很多不同的形式发生。
play out 逐渐发生，展开，出去玩，
The world crude oil demand isn't going to change because of China's buying policy.世界的原油需求不会因为中国的购买政策而改变。

2018-08-05
Cashless Coffe: Chinese chain uses tech to give established brands a run for their money.
无现金咖啡：中国连锁店利用科技对知名品牌构成威胁。
Chinese chain 中国连锁店
tech 科技
established brands 知名品牌/老品牌  established firms
give someone a run for their money 对竞争对手构成挑战
eg: Parker loves to remind me how badly he beat me in last year's regatta. Since then, I've been spending every weekend rebuilding my sailboat and practicing maneuvers. I'm determined to give him a run for his money next time. He's going to be surprised by how competitive I'm.
帕克老是喜欢提醒我，去年帆船大赛他把我赢得多惨。那次输了以后，我把每个周末的时间都花在改造帆船、练习各种动作上。我决心，下次比赛一定要给他点儿颜色看看。他看到我的竞争实力，一定会大吃一惊。
outlet 供销商，分店；出口 分店 branch store
sprout 出现；萌芽
testament to 是XX的证据，证明了XXX
drive 动机 cognitive drive 认知驱动力
capture the market 占领市场
penetrate 渗透；穿入 under-penetrated .vs. over-penetrated 渗透不足vs完全渗透
Over 500 outlets sprouting across cities in China in just 5 months is a testament to this new coffee brands drive to capture the countries still under-penetrated coffee market.
在5个月内，在中国的各个城市建立了500多家分店，这证明了，或许这个新品牌的动机是为了占领那些国家未渗透咖啡的市场
Series A funding A轮融资
in the middle of July 在7月中旬
secure 200 million 融资2亿   2 billion 20亿
Luckin Coffee secured 200 million US dollars in its Series A funding in the middle of July
sovereign 君主
unicorn status 独角兽
household appliances 家用电器
go to person 专人，专业负责某一方面的人员
per capita 人均 GDP capita 人均GDP
the mass market .vs. the niche market 大众市场.vs. 利基市场（小众市场）
venture capital play 风险投资博弈
monopolistic 垄断
publicity stunt 宣传噱头 做秀
notoriously 众所周知地 臭名昭彰地
fickle 变化无常的
trump 胜过
physically 实际上 物理上 身体上
takeaway 外卖
brick-and-morter stores 实体商店 vs online stores 线上商店
brick-and-morter 实体的 具体的
sth. is the way forward 前进的方向
it remains to be seen 有待观察

2018-08-05
ASEAN 东南亚国际联盟 Association of south east nations
Korean Peninsula 朝鲜半岛
closing remarks 闭幕词
contentious 有争议的
candid frank 坦率的
South China Sea 南海
press conference 新闻发布会
Korean 韩国 DPRK 朝鲜 
secretary of state 国务卿
resolution 决议
abide by 遵守
UN Security Council 联合国安理会
enforce sanction 执行制裁
detract 贬低 减损 detract from 有损  detract from the goal 违反目标 影响
Chinese State Councillor and Foreign minister 国务委员兼外交部长
visible development 明显进展
flex military muscle 展示军事肌肉
counter-productive 产生相反效果的
continue to believe 仍然相信 

2018-08-05
The reason why I am interted in it is that exquisite consume and all linked plots attract me deeply with the famous actress.
精美的服装  相关的情节
琅琊榜  Nirvana in Fire 火种涅
甄执  Empresses in the Palace 宫里的嫔妃





